chore: improve pr template (#26562)
nuxt/nuxt: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### 🔗 Linked issue

> <!-- Please ensure there is an open issue and mention its number as #123 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please ensure there is an open issue and mention its number. For example, "resolves #123" -->
```

### 📚 Description

<!-- Describe your changes in detail. Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

<!----------------------------------------------------------------------
Before creating the pull request, please make sure you do the following:

- Check that there isn't already a PR that solves the problem the same way. If you find a duplicate, please help us reviewing it.
- Read the contribution docs at https://nuxt.com/docs/community/contribution

> - Read the Contributing Guidelines at https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.

Author: These two could probably be combined into one page

Reviewer: but these are the vite contributing guidelines, right?

Author: Oh yeah, my mind just went on autopilot and thought to link pointed to a `CONTRIBUTING.md` in this repository. Awkward🙃
